---
title: AnimatedImplementation
category: Facebook API
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## \_flush

Animated works by building a directed acyclic graph of dependencies
transparently when you render your Animated components.

              new Animated.Value(0)
    .interpolate()        .interpolate()    new Animated.Value(1)
        opacity               translateY      scale
         style                         transform
        View#234                         style
                                        View#123

A) Top Down phase
When an Animated.Value is updated, we recursively go down through this
graph in order to find leaf nodes: the views that we flag as needing
an update.

B) Bottom Up phase
When a view is flagged as needing an update, we recursively go back up
in order to build the new value that it needs. The reason why we need
this two-phases process is to deal with composite props such as
transform which can receive values from multiple parents.

**Parameters**

-   `rootNode` **[AnimatedValue](#animatedvalue)** 

Returns **void** 

## AnimatedValue

**Extends AnimatedWithChildren**

Standard value for driving animations.  One `Animated.Value` can drive
multiple properties in a synchronized fashion, but can only be driven by one
mechanism at a time.  Using a new mechanism (e.g. starting a new animation,
or calling `setValue`) will stop any previous ones.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** 

### setValue

Directly set the value.  This will stop any animations running on the value
and update all the bound properties.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** 

Returns **void** 

### setOffset

Sets an offset that is applied on top of whatever value is set, whether via
`setValue`, an animation, or `Animated.event`.  Useful for compensating
things like the start of a pan gesture.

**Parameters**

-   `offset` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** 

Returns **void** 

### flattenOffset

Merges the offset value into the base value and resets the offset to zero.
The final output of the value is unchanged.

Returns **void** 

### extractOffset

Sets the offset value to the base value, and resets the base value to zero.
The final output of the value is unchanged.

Returns **void** 

### addListener

Adds an asynchronous listener to the value so you can observe updates from
animations.  This is useful because there is no way to
synchronously read the value because it might be driven natively.

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **ValueListenerCallback** 

Returns **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** 

### stopAnimation

Stops any running animation or tracking.  `callback` is invoked with the
final value after stopping the animation, which is useful for updating
state to match the animation position with layout.

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **function (value: [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)): void?** 

Returns **void** 

### resetAnimation

Stops any animation and resets the value to its original

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **function (value: [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)): void?** 

Returns **void** 

### interpolate

Interpolates the value before updating the property, e.g. mapping 0-1 to
0-10.

**Parameters**

-   `config` **InterpolationConfigType** 

Returns **AnimatedInterpolation** 

### animate

Typically only used internally, but could be used by a custom Animation
class.

**Parameters**

-   `animation` **Animation** 
-   `callback` **EndCallback?** 

Returns **void** 

### stopTracking

Typically only used internally.

Returns **void** 

### track

Typically only used internally.

**Parameters**

-   `tracking` **Animated** 

Returns **void** 

## AnimatedValueXY

**Extends AnimatedWithChildren**

2D Value for driving 2D animations, such as pan gestures.  Almost identical
API to normal `Animated.Value`, but multiplexed.  Contains two regular
`Animated.Value`s under the hood.

#### Example

```javascript
 class DraggableView extends React.Component {
   constructor(props) {
     super(props);
     this.state = {
       pan: new Animated.ValueXY(), // inits to zero
     };
     this.state.panResponder = PanResponder.create({
       onStartShouldSetPanResponder: () => true,
       onPanResponderMove: Animated.event([null, {
         dx: this.state.pan.x, // x,y are Animated.Value
         dy: this.state.pan.y,
       }]),
       onPanResponderRelease: () => {
         Animated.spring(
           this.state.pan,         // Auto-multiplexed
           {toValue: {x: 0, y: 0}} // Back to zero
         ).start();
       },
     });
   }
   render() {
     return (
       <Animated.View
         {...this.state.panResponder.panHandlers}
         style={this.state.pan.getLayout()}>
         {this.props.children}
       </Animated.View>
     );
   }
 }
```

**Parameters**

-   `valueIn` **{x: ([number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number) \| [AnimatedValue](#animatedvalue)), y: ([number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number) \| [AnimatedValue](#animatedvalue))}?** 

### getLayout

Converts `{x, y}` into `{left, top}` for use in style, e.g.

```javascript
 style={this.state.anim.getLayout()}
```

Returns **{}** 

### getTranslateTransform

Converts `{x, y}` into a useable translation transform, e.g.

```javascript
 style={{
   transform: this.state.anim.getTranslateTransform()
 }}
```

Returns **[Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array)&lt;{}>** 

## AnimatedImplementation

The `Animated` library is designed to make animations fluid, powerful, and
easy to build and maintain. `Animated` focuses on declarative relationships
between inputs and outputs, with configurable transforms in between, and
simple `start`/`stop` methods to control time-based animation execution.

The simplest workflow for creating an animation is to to create an
`Animated.Value`, hook it up to one or more style attributes of an animated
component, and then drive updates via animations using `Animated.timing()`:

```javascript
Animated.timing(                            // Animate value over time
  this.state.fadeAnim,                      // The value to drive
  {
    toValue: 1,                             // Animate to final value of 1
  }
).start();                                  // Start the animation
```

Refer to the [Animations](docs/animations.html#animated-api) guide to see
additional examples of `Animated` in action.

## Overview

There are two value types you can use with `Animated`:

-   [`Animated.Value()`](docs/animated.html#value) for single values
-   [`Animated.ValueXY()`](docs/animated.html#valuexy) for vectors

`Animated.Value` can bind to style properties or other props, and can be
interpolated as well. A single `Animated.Value` can drive any number of
properties.

### Configuring animations

`Animated` provides three types of animation types. Each animation type
provides a particular animation curve that controls how your values animate
from their initial value to the final value:

-   [`Animated.decay()`](docs/animated.html#decay) starts with an initial
    velocity and gradually slows to a stop.
-   [`Animated.spring()`](docs/animated.html#spring) provides a simple
    spring physics model.
-   [`Animated.timing()`](docs/animated.html#timing) animates a value over time
    using [easing functions](docs/easing.html).

In most cases, you will be using `timing()`. By default, it uses a symmetric
easeInOut curve that conveys the gradual acceleration of an object to full
speed and concludes by gradually decelerating to a stop.

### Working with animations

Animations are started by calling `start()` on your animation. `start()`
takes a completion callback that will be called when the animation is done.
If the animation finished running normally, the completion callback will be
invoked with `{finished: true}`. If the animation is done because `stop()`
was called on it before it could finish (e.g. because it was interrupted by a
gesture or another animation), then it will receive `{finished: false}`.

### Using the native driver

By using the native driver, we send everything about the animation to native
before starting the animation, allowing native code to perform the animation
on the UI thread without having to go through the bridge on every frame.
Once the animation has started, the JS thread can be blocked without
affecting the animation.

You can use the native driver by specifying `useNativeDriver: true` in your
animation configuration. See the
[Animations](docs/animations.html#using-the-native-driver) guide to learn
more.

### Animatable components

Only animatable components can be animated. These special components do the
magic of binding the animated values to the properties, and do targeted
native updates to avoid the cost of the react render and reconciliation
process on every frame. They also handle cleanup on unmount so they are safe
by default.

-   [`createAnimatedComponent()`](docs/animated.html#createanimatedcomponent)
    can be used to make a component animatable.

`Animated` exports the following animatable components using the above
wrapper:

-   `Animated.Image`
-   `Animated.ScrollView`
-   `Animated.Text`
-   `Animated.View`

### Composing animations

Animations can also be combined in complex ways using composition functions:

-   [`Animated.delay()`](docs/animated.html#delay) starts an animation after
    a given delay.
-   [`Animated.parallel()`](docs/animated.html#parallel) starts a number of
    animations at the same time.
-   [`Animated.sequence()`](docs/animated.html#sequence) starts the animations
    in order, waiting for each to complete before starting the next.
-   [`Animated.stagger()`](docs/animated.html#stagger) starts animations in
    order and in parallel, but with successive delays.

Animations can also be chained together simply by setting the `toValue` of
one animation to be another `Animated.Value`. See
[Tracking dynamic values](docs/animations.html#tracking-dynamic-values) in
the Animations guide.

By default, if one animation is stopped or interrupted, then all other
animations in the group are also stopped.

### Combining animated values

You can combine two animated values via addition, multiplication, division,
or modulo to make a new animated value:

-   [`Animated.add()`](docs/animated.html#add)
-   [`Animated.divide()`](docs/animated.html#divide)
-   [`Animated.modulo()`](docs/animated.html#modulo)
-   [`Animated.multiply()`](docs/animated.html#multiply)

### Interpolation

The `interpolate()` function allows input ranges to map to different output
ranges. By default, it will extrapolate the curve beyond the ranges given,
but you can also have it clamp the output value. It uses lineal interpolation
by default but also supports easing functions.

-   [`interpolate()`](docs/animated.html#interpolate)

Read more about interpolation in the
[Animation](docs/animations.html#interpolation) guide.

### Handling gestures and other events

Gestures, like panning or scrolling, and other events can map directly to
animated values using `Animated.event()`. This is done with a structured map
syntax so that values can be extracted from complex event objects. The first
level is an array to allow mapping across multiple args, and that array
contains nested objects.

-   [`Animated.event()`](docs/animated.html#event)

For example, when working with horizontal scrolling gestures, you would do
the following in order to map `event.nativeEvent.contentOffset.x` to
`scrollX` (an `Animated.Value`):

```javascript
 onScroll={Animated.event(
   // scrollX = e.nativeEvent.contentOffset.x
   [{ nativeEvent: {
        contentOffset: {
          x: scrollX
        }
      }
    }]
 )}
```

### Value

Standard value class for driving animations.  Typically initialized with
`new Animated.Value(0);`

See also [`AnimatedValue`](docs/animated.html#animatedvalue).

### ValueXY

2D value class for driving 2D animations, such as pan gestures.

See also [`AnimatedValueXY`](docs/animated.html#animatedvaluexy).

### Interpolation

exported to use the Interpolation type in flow

See also [`AnimatedInterpolation`](docs/animated.html#animatedinterpolation).

### decay

Animates a value from an initial velocity to zero based on a decay
coefficient.

Config is an object that may have the following options:

-   `velocity`: Initial velocity.  Required.
-   `deceleration`: Rate of decay.  Default 0.997.
-   `useNativeDriver`: Uses the native driver when true. Default false.

### timing

Animates a value along a timed easing curve. The
[`Easing`](docs/easing.html) module has tons of predefined curves, or you
can use your own function.

Config is an object that may have the following options:

-   `duration`: Length of animation (milliseconds).  Default 500.
-   `easing`: Easing function to define curve.
    Default is `Easing.inOut(Easing.ease)`.
-   `delay`: Start the animation after delay (milliseconds).  Default 0.
-   `useNativeDriver`: Uses the native driver when true. Default false.

### spring

Spring animation based on Rebound and
[Origami](https://facebook.github.io/origami/).  Tracks velocity state to
create fluid motions as the `toValue` updates, and can be chained together.

Config is an object that may have the following options:

-   `friction`: Controls "bounciness"/overshoot.  Default 7.
-   `tension`: Controls speed.  Default 40.
-   `useNativeDriver`: Uses the native driver when true. Default false.

### add

Creates a new Animated value composed from two Animated values added
together.

### divide

Creates a new Animated value composed by dividing the first Animated value
by the second Animated value.

### multiply

Creates a new Animated value composed from two Animated values multiplied
together.

### modulo

Creates a new Animated value that is the (non-negative) modulo of the
provided Animated value

### diffClamp

Create a new Animated value that is limited between 2 values. It uses the
difference between the last value so even if the value is far from the bounds
it will start changing when the value starts getting closer again.
(`value = clamp(value + diff, min, max)`).

This is useful with scroll events, for example, to show the navbar when
scrolling up and to hide it when scrolling down.

### delay

Starts an animation after the given delay.

### sequence

Starts an array of animations in order, waiting for each to complete
before starting the next.  If the current running animation is stopped, no
following animations will be started.

### parallel

Starts an array of animations all at the same time.  By default, if one
of the animations is stopped, they will all be stopped.  You can override
this with the `stopTogether` flag.

### stagger

Array of animations may run in parallel (overlap), but are started in
sequence with successive delays.  Nice for doing trailing effects.

### loop

Loops a given animation continuously, so that each time it reaches the
end, it resets and begins again from the start. Can specify number of
times to loop using the key 'iterations' in the config. Will loop without
blocking the UI thread if the child animation is set to 'useNativeDriver'.

### event

Takes an array of mappings and extracts values from each arg accordingly,
then calls `setValue` on the mapped outputs.  e.g.

```javascript
 onScroll={Animated.event(
   [{nativeEvent: {contentOffset: {x: this._scrollX}}}]
   {listener},          // Optional async listener
 )
 ...
 onPanResponderMove: Animated.event([
   null,                // raw event arg ignored
   {dx: this._panX},    // gestureState arg
 ]),
```

Config is an object that may have the following options:

-   `listener`: Optional async listener.
-   `useNativeDriver`: Uses the native driver when true. Default false.

### createAnimatedComponent

Make any React component Animatable.  Used to create `Animated.View`, etc.

### attachNativeEvent

Imperative API to attach an animated value to an event on a view. Prefer using
`Animated.event` with `useNativeDrive: true` if possible.

### forkEvent

Advanced imperative API for snooping on animated events that are passed in through props. Use
values directly where possible.
