---
title: AppRegistry
category: Facebook API
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## AppRegistry

<div class="banner-crna-ejected">
  <h3>Project with Native Code Required</h3>
  <p>
    This API only works in projects made with <code>react-native init</code>
    or in those made with Create React Native App which have since ejected. For
    more information about ejecting, please see
    the <a href="https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app/blob/master/EJECTING.md" target="_blank">guide</a> on
    the Create React Native App repository.
  </p>
</div>

`AppRegistry` is the JS entry point to running all React Native apps.  App
root components should register themselves with
`AppRegistry.registerComponent`, then the native system can load the bundle
for the app and then actually run the app when it's ready by invoking
`AppRegistry.runApplication`.

To "stop" an application when a view should be destroyed, call
`AppRegistry.unmountApplicationComponentAtRootTag` with the tag that was
passed into `runApplication`. These should always be used as a pair.

`AppRegistry` should be `require`d early in the `require` sequence to make
sure the JS execution environment is setup before other modules are
`require`d.

### registerHeadlessTask

Register a headless task. A headless task is a bit of code that runs without a UI.

**Parameters**

-   `taskKey` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** the key associated with this task
-   `task` **TaskProvider** a promise returning function that takes some data passed from the native side as
                   the only argument; when the promise is resolved or rejected the native side is
                   notified of this event and it may decide to destroy the JS context.

Returns **void** 

### startHeadlessTask

Only called from native code. Starts a headless task.

**Parameters**

-   `taskId` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** the native id for this task instance to keep track of its execution
-   `taskKey` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** the key for the task to start
-   `data` **any** the data to pass to the task

Returns **void** 
