---
title: CameraRoll
category: Facebook API
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## getPhotosParamChecker

Shape of the param arg for the `getPhotos` function.

## first

The number of photos wanted in reverse order of the photo application
(i.e. most recent first for SavedPhotos).

## after

A cursor that matches `page_info { end_cursor }` returned from a previous
call to `getPhotos`

## groupTypes

Specifies which group types to filter the results to.

## groupName

Specifies filter on group names, like 'Recent Photos' or custom album
titles.

## assetType

Specifies filter on asset type

## mimeTypes

Filter by mimetype (e.g. image/jpeg).

## getPhotosReturnChecker

Shape of the return value of the `getPhotos` function.

## CameraRoll

`CameraRoll` provides access to the local camera roll / gallery.
Before using this you must link the `RCTCameraRoll` library.
You can refer to [Linking](docs/linking-libraries-ios.html) for help.

### Permissions

The user's permission is required in order to access the Camera Roll on devices running iOS 10 or later.
Add the `NSPhotoLibraryUsageDescription` key in your `Info.plist` with a string that describes how your
app will use this data. This key will appear as `Privacy - Photo Library Usage Description` in Xcode.

### saveToCameraRoll

Saves the photo or video to the camera roll / gallery.

On Android, the tag must be a local image or video URI, such as `"file:///sdcard/img.png"`.

On iOS, the tag can be any image URI (including local, remote asset-library and base64 data URIs)
or a local video file URI (remote or data URIs are not supported for saving video at this time).

If the tag has a file extension of .mov or .mp4, it will be inferred as a video. Otherwise
it will be treated as a photo. To override the automatic choice, you can pass an optional
`type` parameter that must be one of 'photo' or 'video'.

Returns a Promise which will resolve with the new URI.

**Parameters**

-   `tag` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** 
-   `type` **(`"photo"` \| `"video"`)** 

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)&lt;[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)>** 

### getPhotos

Returns a Promise with photo identifier objects from the local camera
roll of the device matching shape defined by `getPhotosReturnChecker`.

Expects a params object of the following shape:

-   `first` : {number} : The number of photos wanted in reverse order of the photo application (i.e. most recent first for SavedPhotos).
-   `after` : {string} : A cursor that matches `page_info { end_cursor }` returned from a previous call to `getPhotos`.
-   `groupTypes` : {string} : Specifies which group types to filter the results to. Valid values are:
    -   `Album`
    -   `All`
    -   `Event`
    -   `Faces`
    -   `Library`
    -   `PhotoStream`
    -   `SavedPhotos` // default
-   `groupName` : {string} : Specifies filter on group names, like 'Recent Photos' or custom album titles.
-   `assetType` : {string} : Specifies filter on asset type. Valid values are:
    -   `All`
    -   `Videos`
    -   `Photos` // default
-   `mimeTypes` : {string} : Filter by mimetype (e.g. image/jpeg).

Returns a Promise which when resolved will be of the following shape:

-   `edges` : {Array<node>} An array of node objects
    -   `node`: {object} An object with the following shape:
        -   `type`: {string}
        -   `group_name`: {string}
        -   `image`: {object} : An object with the following shape:
            -   `uri`: {string}
            -   `height`: {number}
            -   `width`: {number}
            -   `isStored`: {boolean}
        -   `timestamp`: {number}
        -   `location`: {object} : An object with the following shape:
            -   `latitude`: {number}
            -   `longitude`: {number}
            -   `altitude`: {number}
            -   `heading`: {number}
            -   `speed`: {number}
-   `page_info` : {object} : An object with the following shape:
    -   `has_next_page`: {boolean}
    -   `start_cursor`: {boolean}
    -   `end_cursor`: {boolean}

**Parameters**

-   `params`  
