---
title: Keyboard
category: Facebook API
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## Keyboard

`Keyboard` module to control keyboard events.

### Usage

The Keyboard module allows you to listen for native events and react to them, as
well as make changes to the keyboard, like dismissing it.

    import React, { Component } from 'react';
    import { Keyboard, TextInput } from 'react-native';

    class Example extends Component {
      componentWillMount () {
        this.keyboardDidShowListener = Keyboard.addListener('keyboardDidShow', this._keyboardDidShow);
        this.keyboardDidHideListener = Keyboard.addListener('keyboardDidHide', this._keyboardDidHide);
      }

      componentWillUnmount () {
        this.keyboardDidShowListener.remove();
        this.keyboardDidHideListener.remove();
      }

      _keyboardDidShow () {
        alert('Keyboard Shown');
      }

      _keyboardDidHide () {
        alert('Keyboard Hidden');
      }

      render() {
        return (
          <TextInput
            onSubmitEditing={Keyboard.dismiss}
          />
        );
      }
    }

### addListener

The `addListener` function connects a JavaScript function to an identified native
keyboard notification event.

This function then returns the reference to the listener.

**Parameters**

-   `eventName` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** The `nativeEvent` is the string that identifies the event you're listening for.  This
    can be any of the following:-   `keyboardWillShow`
    -   `keyboardDidShow`
    -   `keyboardWillHide`
    -   `keyboardDidHide`
    -   `keyboardWillChangeFrame`
    -   `keyboardDidChangeFrame`Note that if you set `android:windowSoftInputMode` to `adjustResize`  or `adjustNothing`,
    only `keyboardDidShow` and `keyboardDidHide` events will available on Android.
-   `callback` **[function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** function to be called when the event fires.

### removeListener

Removes a specific listener.

**Parameters**

-   `eventName` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** The `nativeEvent` is the string that identifies the event you're listening for.
-   `callback` **[function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** function to be called when the event fires.

### removeAllListeners

Removes all listeners for a specific event type.

**Parameters**

-   `eventName` **KeyboardEventName** 
-   `eventType` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** The native event string listeners are watching which will be removed.

### dismiss

Dismisses the active keyboard and removes focus.
