---
title: NativeMethodsMixin
category: Facebook API
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## NativeMethodsMixin

`NativeMethodsMixin` provides methods to access the underlying native
component directly. This can be useful in cases when you want to focus
a view or measure its on-screen dimensions, for example.

The methods described here are available on most of the default components
provided by React Native. Note, however, that they are _not_ available on
composite components that aren't directly backed by a native view. This will
generally include most components that you define in your own app. For more
information, see [Direct
Manipulation](docs/direct-manipulation.html).

### measure

Determines the location on screen, width, and height of the given view and
returns the values via an async callback. If successful, the callback will
be called with the following arguments:

-   x
-   y
-   width
-   height
-   pageX
-   pageY

Note that these measurements are not available until after the rendering
has been completed in native. If you need the measurements as soon as
possible, consider using the [`onLayout`
prop](docs/view.html#onlayout) instead.

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **MeasureOnSuccessCallback** 

### measureInWindow

Determines the location of the given view in the window and returns the
values via an async callback. If the React root view is embedded in
another native view, this will give you the absolute coordinates. If
successful, the callback will be called with the following
arguments:

-   x
-   y
-   width
-   height

Note that these measurements are not available until after the rendering
has been completed in native.

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **MeasureInWindowOnSuccessCallback** 

### measureLayout

Like [`measure()`](#measure), but measures the view relative an ancestor,
specified as `relativeToNativeNode`. This means that the returned x, y
are relative to the origin x, y of the ancestor view.

As always, to obtain a native node handle for a component, you can use
`ReactNative.findNodeHandle(component)`.

**Parameters**

-   `relativeToNativeNode` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** 
-   `onSuccess` **MeasureLayoutOnSuccessCallback** 
-   `onFail` **function (): void** 

### setNativeProps

This function sends props straight to native. They will not participate in
future diff process - this means that if you do not include them in the
next render, they will remain active (see [Direct
Manipulation](docs/direct-manipulation.html)).

**Parameters**

-   `nativeProps` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** 

### focus

Requests focus for the given input or view. The exact behavior triggered
will depend on the platform and type of view.

### blur

Removes focus from an input or view. This is the opposite of `focus()`.
