---
title: NavigatorIOS
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## NavigatorIOS

Think of `<NavigatorIOS>` as simply a component that renders an
`RCTNavigator`, and moves the `RCTNavigator`'s `requestedTopOfStack` pointer
forward and backward. The `RCTNavigator` interprets changes in
`requestedTopOfStack` to be pushes and pops of children that are rendered.
`<NavigatorIOS>` always ensures that whenever the `requestedTopOfStack`
pointer is moved, that we've also rendered enough children so that the
`RCTNavigator` can carry out the push/pop with those children.
`<NavigatorIOS>` also removes children that will no longer be needed
(after the pop of a child has been fully completed/animated out).

## NavigatorIOS

`NavigatorIOS` is a wrapper around
[`UINavigationController`](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UINavigationController_Class/),
enabling you to implement a navigation stack. It works exactly the same as it
would on a native app using `UINavigationController`, providing the same
animations and behavior from UIKIt.

As the name implies, it is only available on iOS. Take a look at
[`React Navigation`](https://reactnavigation.org/) for a cross-platform
solution in JavaScript, or check out either of these components for native
solutions: [native-navigation](http://airbnb.io/native-navigation/),
[react-native-navigation](https://github.com/wix/react-native-navigation).

To set up the navigator, provide the `initialRoute` prop with a route
object. A route object is used to describe each scene that your app
navigates to. `initialRoute` represents the first route in your navigator.

    import React, { Component, PropTypes } from 'react';
    import { NavigatorIOS, Text } from 'react-native';

    export default class NavigatorIOSApp extends Component {
      render() {
        return (
          <NavigatorIOS
            initialRoute={{
              component: MyScene,
              title: 'My Initial Scene',
            }}
            style={{flex: 1}}
          />
        );
      }
    }

    class MyScene extends Component {
      static propTypes = {
        title: PropTypes.string.isRequired,
        navigator: PropTypes.object.isRequired,
      }

      _onForward = () => {
        this.props.navigator.push({
          title: 'Scene ' + nextIndex,
        });
      }

      render() {
        return (
          <View>
            <Text>Current Scene: { this.props.title }</Text>
            <TouchableHighlight onPress={this._onForward}>
              <Text>Tap me to load the next scene</Text>
            </TouchableHighlight>
          </View>
        )
      }
    }

In this code, the navigator renders the component specified in initialRoute,
which in this case is `MyScene`. This component will receive a `route` prop
and a `navigator` prop representing the navigator. The navigator's navigation
bar will render the title for the current scene, "My Initial Scene".

You can optionally pass in a `passProps` property to your `initialRoute`.
`NavigatorIOS` passes this in as props to the rendered component:

    initialRoute={{
      component: MyScene,
      title: 'My Initial Scene',
      passProps: { myProp: 'foo' }
    }}

You can then access the props passed in via `{this.props.myProp}`.

#### Handling Navigation

To trigger navigation functionality such as pushing or popping a view, you
have access to a `navigator` object. The object is passed in as a prop to any
component that is rendered by `NavigatorIOS`. You can then call the
relevant methods to perform the navigation action you need:

    class MyView extends Component {
      _handleBackPress() {
        this.props.navigator.pop();
      }

      _handleNextPress(nextRoute) {
        this.props.navigator.push(nextRoute);
      }

      render() {
        const nextRoute = {
          component: MyView,
          title: 'Bar That',
          passProps: { myProp: 'bar' }
        };
        return(
          <TouchableHighlight onPress={() => this._handleNextPress(nextRoute)}>
            <Text style={{marginTop: 200, alignSelf: 'center'}}>
              See you on the other nav {this.props.myProp}!
            </Text>
          </TouchableHighlight>
        );
      }
    }

You can also trigger navigator functionality from the `NavigatorIOS`
component:

    class NavvyIOS extends Component {
      _handleNavigationRequest() {
        this.refs.nav.push({
          component: MyView,
          title: 'Genius',
          passProps: { myProp: 'genius' },
        });
      }

      render() {
        return (
          <NavigatorIOS
            ref='nav'
            initialRoute={{
              component: MyView,
              title: 'Foo This',
              passProps: { myProp: 'foo' },
              rightButtonTitle: 'Add',
              onRightButtonPress: () => this._handleNavigationRequest(),
            }}
            style={{flex: 1}}
          />
        );
      }
    }

The code above adds a `_handleNavigationRequest` private method that is
invoked from the `NavigatorIOS` component when the right navigation bar item
is pressed. To get access to the navigator functionality, a reference to it
is saved in the `ref` prop and later referenced to push a new scene into the
navigation stack.

#### Navigation Bar Configuration

Props passed to `NavigatorIOS` will set the default configuration
for the navigation bar. Props passed as properties to a route object will set
the configuration for that route's navigation bar, overriding any props
passed to the `NavigatorIOS` component.

    _handleNavigationRequest() {
      this.refs.nav.push({
        //...
        passProps: { myProp: 'genius' },
        barTintColor: '#996699',
      });
    }

    render() {
      return (
        <NavigatorIOS
          //...
          style={{flex: 1}}
          barTintColor='#ffffcc'
        />
      );
    }

In the example above the navigation bar color is changed when the new route
is pushed.

## initialRoute

NavigatorIOS uses `route` objects to identify child views, their props,
and navigation bar configuration. Navigation operations such as push
operations expect routes to look like this the `initialRoute`.

## component

The React Class to render for this route

## title

The title displayed in the navigation bar and the back button for this
route.

## titleImage

If set, a title image will appear instead of the text title.

## passProps

Use this to specify additional props to pass to the rendered
component. `NavigatorIOS` will automatically pass in `route` and
`navigator` props to the comoponent.

## backButtonIcon

If set, the left navigation button image will be displayed using this
source. Note that this doesn't apply to the header of the current
view, but to those views that are subsequently pushed.

## backButtonTitle

If set, the left navigation button text will be set to this. Note that
this doesn't apply to the left button of the current view, but to
those views that are subsequently pushed

## leftButtonIcon

If set, the left navigation button image will be displayed using
this source.

## leftButtonTitle

If set, the left navigation button will display this text.

## leftButtonSystemIcon

If set, the left header button will appear with this system icon

Supported icons are `done`, `cancel`, `edit`, `save`, `add`,
`compose`, `reply`, `action`, `organize`, `bookmarks`, `search`,
`refresh`, `stop`, `camera`, `trash`, `play`, `pause`, `rewind`,
`fast-forward`, `undo`, `redo`, and `page-curl`

## onLeftButtonPress

This function will be invoked when the left navigation bar item is
pressed.

## rightButtonIcon

If set, the right navigation button image will be displayed using
this source.

## rightButtonTitle

If set, the right navigation button will display this text.

## rightButtonSystemIcon

If set, the right header button will appear with this system icon

See leftButtonSystemIcon for supported icons

## onRightButtonPress

This function will be invoked when the right navigation bar item is
pressed.

## wrapperStyle

Styles for the navigation item containing the component.

## navigationBarHidden

Boolean value that indicates whether the navigation bar is hidden.

## navigationBarHidden

Boolean value that indicates whether the navigation bar is hidden
by default.

## shadowHidden

Boolean value that indicates whether to hide the 1px hairline
shadow.

## shadowHidden

Boolean value that indicates whether to hide the 1px hairline shadow
by default.

## tintColor

The color used for the buttons in the navigation bar.

## tintColor

The default color used for the buttons in the navigation bar.

## barTintColor

The background color of the navigation bar.

## barTintColor

The default background color of the navigation bar.

## titleTextColor

The text color of the navigation bar title.

## titleTextColor

The default text color of the navigation bar title.

## translucent

Bboolean value that indicates whether the navigation bar is
translucent.

## translucent

Boolean value that indicates whether the navigation bar is
translucent by default

## itemWrapperStyle

The default wrapper style for components in the navigator.
A common use case is to set the `backgroundColor` for every scene.

## interactivePopGestureEnabled

Boolean value that indicates whether the interactive pop gesture is
enabled. This is useful for enabling/disabling the back swipe navigation
gesture.

If this prop is not provided, the default behavior is for the back swipe
gesture to be enabled when the navigation bar is shown and disabled when
the navigation bar is hidden. Once you've provided the
`interactivePopGestureEnabled` prop, you can never restore the default
behavior.

## push

Navigate forward to a new route.

**Parameters**

-   `route` **Route** The new route to navigate to.

## popN

Go back N scenes at once. When N=1, behavior matches `pop()`.

**Parameters**

-   `n` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** The number of scenes to pop.

## pop

Pop back to the previous scene.

## replaceAtIndex

Replace a route in the navigation stack.

**Parameters**

-   `route` **Route** The new route that will replace the specified one.
-   `index` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** The route into the stack that should be replaced.
       If it is negative, it counts from the back of the stack.

## replace

Replace the route for the current scene and immediately
load the view for the new route.

**Parameters**

-   `route` **Route** The new route to navigate to.

## replacePrevious

Replace the route/view for the previous scene.

**Parameters**

-   `route` **Route** The new route to will replace the previous scene.

## popToTop

Go back to the topmost item in the navigation stack.

## popToRoute

Go back to the item for a particular route object.

**Parameters**

-   `route` **Route** The new route to navigate to.

## replacePreviousAndPop

Replaces the previous route/view and transitions back to it.

**Parameters**

-   `route` **Route** The new route that replaces the previous scene.

## resetTo

Replaces the top item and pop to it.

**Parameters**

-   `route` **Route** The new route that will replace the topmost item.
