---
title: Picker
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## PickerItem

**Extends React.Component**

Individual selectable item in a Picker.

## label

Text to display for this item.

## value

The value to be passed to picker's `onValueChange` callback when
this item is selected. Can be a string or an integer.

## color

Color of this item's text.

## testID

Used to locate the item in end-to-end tests.

## testID

Used to locate this view in end-to-end tests.

## Picker

**Extends React.Component**

Renders the native picker component on iOS and Android. Example:

    <Picker
      selectedValue={this.state.language}
      onValueChange={(itemValue, itemIndex) => this.setState({language: itemValue})}>
      <Picker.Item label="Java" value="java" />
      <Picker.Item label="JavaScript" value="js" />
    </Picker>

### MODE_DIALOG

On Android, display the options in a dialog.

### MODE_DROPDOWN

On Android, display the options in a dropdown (this is the default).

## selectedValue

Value matching value of one of the items. Can be a string or an integer.

## onValueChange

Callback for when an item is selected. This is called with the following parameters:

-   `itemValue`: the `value` prop of the item that was selected
-   `itemPosition`: the index of the selected item in this picker

## enabled

If set to false, the picker will be disabled, i.e. the user will not be able to make a
selection.

## mode

On Android, specifies how to display the selection items when the user taps on the picker:

-   'dialog': Show a modal dialog. This is the default.
-   'dropdown': Shows a dropdown anchored to the picker view

## itemStyle

Style to apply to each of the item labels.

## prompt

Prompt string for this picker, used on Android in dialog mode as the title of the dialog.
