---
title: PushNotificationIOS
category: Facebook API
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## PushNotificationEventName

An event emitted by PushNotificationIOS.

Type: $Enum&lt;{notification: [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String), localNotification: [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String), register: [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String), registrationError: [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)}>

## notification

Fired when a remote notification is received. The handler will be invoked
with an instance of `PushNotificationIOS`.

## localNotification

Fired when a local notification is received. The handler will be invoked
with an instance of `PushNotificationIOS`.

## register

Fired when the user registers for remote notifications. The handler will be
invoked with a hex string representing the deviceToken.

## registrationError

Fired when the user fails to register for remote notifications. Typically
occurs when APNS is having issues, or the device is a simulator. The
handler will be invoked with {message: string, code: number, details: any}.

## PushNotificationIOS

<div class="banner-crna-ejected">
  <h3>Projects with Native Code Only</h3>
  <p>
    This section only applies to projects made with <code>react-native init</code>
    or to those made with Create React Native App which have since ejected. For
    more information about ejecting, please see
    the <a href="https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app/blob/master/EJECTING.md" target="_blank">guide</a> on
    the Create React Native App repository.
  </p>
</div>

Handle push notifications for your app, including permission handling and
icon badge number.

To get up and running, [configure your notifications with Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AddingCapabilities/AddingCapabilities.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012582-CH26-SW6)
and your server-side system.

[Manually link](docs/linking-libraries-ios.html#manual-linking) the PushNotificationIOS library

-   Add the following to your Project: `node_modules/react-native/Libraries/PushNotificationIOS/RCTPushNotification.xcodeproj`
-   Add the following to `Link Binary With Libraries`: `libRCTPushNotification.a`

Finally, to enable support for `notification` and `register` events you need to augment your AppDelegate.

At the top of your `AppDelegate.m`:

  `#import <React/RCTPushNotificationManager.h>`

And then in your AppDelegate implementation add the following:

     // Required to register for notifications
     - (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didRegisterUserNotificationSettings:(UIUserNotificationSettings *)notificationSettings
     {
      [RCTPushNotificationManager didRegisterUserNotificationSettings:notificationSettings];
     }
     // Required for the register event.
     - (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithDeviceToken:(NSData *)deviceToken
     {
      [RCTPushNotificationManager didRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithDeviceToken:deviceToken];
     }
     // Required for the notification event. You must call the completion handler after handling the remote notification.
     - (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveRemoteNotification:(NSDictionary *)userInfo
                                                            fetchCompletionHandler:(void (^)(UIBackgroundFetchResult))completionHandler
     {
       [RCTPushNotificationManager didReceiveRemoteNotification:userInfo fetchCompletionHandler:completionHandler];
     }
     // Required for the registrationError event.
     - (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didFailToRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithError:(NSError *)error
     {
      [RCTPushNotificationManager didFailToRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithError:error];
     }
     // Required for the localNotification event.
     - (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didReceiveLocalNotification:(UILocalNotification *)notification
     {
      [RCTPushNotificationManager didReceiveLocalNotification:notification];
     }

**Parameters**

-   `nativeNotif` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** 

### constructor

You will never need to instantiate `PushNotificationIOS` yourself.
Listening to the `notification` event and invoking
`getInitialNotification` is sufficient

**Parameters**

-   `nativeNotif` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** 

### finish

This method is available for remote notifications that have been received via:
`application:didReceiveRemoteNotification:fetchCompletionHandler:`
<https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIApplicationDelegate_Protocol/#//apple_ref/occ/intfm/UIApplicationDelegate/application:didReceiveRemoteNotification:fetchCompletionHandler>:

Call this to execute when the remote notification handling is complete. When
calling this block, pass in the fetch result value that best describes
the results of your operation. You _must_ call this handler and should do so
as soon as possible. For a list of possible values, see `PushNotificationIOS.FetchResult`.

If you do not call this method your background remote notifications could
be throttled, to read more about it see the above documentation link.

**Parameters**

-   `fetchResult` **FetchResult** 

### getMessage

An alias for `getAlert` to get the notification's main message string

Returns **([string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)? | [Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)?)** 

### getSound

Gets the sound string from the `aps` object

Returns **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)?** 

### getAlert

Gets the notification's main message from the `aps` object

Returns **([string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)? | [Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)?)** 

### getBadgeCount

Gets the badge count number from the `aps` object

Returns **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)?** 

### getData

Gets the data object on the notif

Returns **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)?** 

### presentLocalNotification

Schedules the localNotification for immediate presentation.

details is an object containing:

-   `alertBody` : The message displayed in the notification alert.
-   `alertAction` : The "action" displayed beneath an actionable notification. Defaults to "view";
-   `soundName` : The sound played when the notification is fired (optional).
-   `category`  : The category of this notification, required for actionable notifications (optional).
-   `userInfo`  : An optional object containing additional notification data.
-   `applicationIconBadgeNumber` (optional) : The number to display as the app's icon badge. The default value of this property is 0, which means that no badge is displayed.

**Parameters**

-   `details` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** 

### scheduleLocalNotification

Schedules the localNotification for future presentation.

details is an object containing:

-   `fireDate` : The date and time when the system should deliver the notification.
-   `alertBody` : The message displayed in the notification alert.
-   `alertAction` : The "action" displayed beneath an actionable notification. Defaults to "view";
-   `soundName` : The sound played when the notification is fired (optional).
-   `category`  : The category of this notification, required for actionable notifications (optional).
-   `userInfo` : An optional object containing additional notification data.
-   `applicationIconBadgeNumber` (optional) : The number to display as the app's icon badge. Setting the number to 0 removes the icon badge.
-   `repeatInterval` : The interval to repeat as a string.  Possible values: `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`, `year`.

**Parameters**

-   `details` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** 

### cancelAllLocalNotifications

Cancels all scheduled localNotifications

### removeAllDeliveredNotifications

Remove all delivered notifications from Notification Center

Returns **void** 

### getDeliveredNotifications

Provides you with a list of the app’s notifications that are still displayed in Notification Center

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **function (notifications: \[[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)]): void** Function which receive an array of delivered notifications A delivered notification is an object containing:-   `identifier`  : The identifier of this notification.
    -   `title`  : The title of this notification.
    -   `body`  : The body of this notification.
    -   `category`  : The category of this notification, if has one.
    -   `userInfo`  : An optional object containing additional notification data.
    -   `thread-id`  : The thread identifier of this notification, if has one.

Returns **void** 

### removeDeliveredNotifications

Removes the specified notifications from Notification Center

**Parameters**

-   `identifiers` **\[[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)]** Array of notification identifiers

Returns **void** 

### setApplicationIconBadgeNumber

Sets the badge number for the app icon on the home screen

**Parameters**

-   `number` **[number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)** 

### getApplicationIconBadgeNumber

Gets the current badge number for the app icon on the home screen

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** 

### cancelLocalNotifications

Cancel local notifications.

Optionally restricts the set of canceled notifications to those
notifications whose `userInfo` fields match the corresponding fields
in the `userInfo` argument.

**Parameters**

-   `userInfo` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** 

### getScheduledLocalNotifications

Gets the local notifications that are currently scheduled.

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** 

### addEventListener

Attaches a listener to remote or local notification events while the app is running
in the foreground or the background.

Valid events are:

-   `notification` : Fired when a remote notification is received. The
    handler will be invoked with an instance of `PushNotificationIOS`.
-   `localNotification` : Fired when a local notification is received. The
    handler will be invoked with an instance of `PushNotificationIOS`.
-   `register`: Fired when the user registers for remote notifications. The
    handler will be invoked with a hex string representing the deviceToken.
-   `registrationError`: Fired when the user fails to register for remote
    notifications. Typically occurs when APNS is having issues, or the device
    is a simulator. The handler will be invoked with
    {message: string, code: number, details: any}.

**Parameters**

-   `type` **[PushNotificationEventName](#pushnotificationeventname)** 
-   `handler` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** 

### removeEventListener

Removes the event listener. Do this in `componentWillUnmount` to prevent
memory leaks

**Parameters**

-   `type` **[PushNotificationEventName](#pushnotificationeventname)** 
-   `handler` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** 

### requestPermissions

Requests notification permissions from iOS, prompting the user's
dialog box. By default, it will request all notification permissions, but
a subset of these can be requested by passing a map of requested
permissions.
The following permissions are supported:

-   `alert`
-   `badge`
-   `sound`

If a map is provided to the method, only the permissions with truthy values
will be requested.

This method returns a promise that will resolve when the user accepts,
rejects, or if the permissions were previously rejected. The promise
resolves to the current state of the permission.

**Parameters**

-   `permissions` **{alert: [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)?, badge: [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)?, sound: [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)?}** 

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)&lt;{alert: [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean), badge: [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean), sound: [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)}>** 

### abandonPermissions

Unregister for all remote notifications received via Apple Push Notification service.

You should call this method in rare circumstances only, such as when a new version of
the app removes support for all types of remote notifications. Users can temporarily
prevent apps from receiving remote notifications through the Notifications section of
the Settings app. Apps unregistered through this method can always re-register.

### checkPermissions

See what push permissions are currently enabled. `callback` will be
invoked with a `permissions` object:

-   `alert` :boolean
-   `badge` :boolean
-   `sound` :boolean

**Parameters**

-   `callback` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** 

### getInitialNotification

This method returns a promise that resolves to either the notification
object if the app was launched by a push notification, or `null` otherwise.

Returns **[Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)&lt;[PushNotificationIOS](#pushnotificationios)?>** 
