---
title: SectionList
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## data

The data for rendering items in this section.

## key

Optional key to keep track of section re-ordering. If you don't plan on re-ordering sections,
the array index will be used by default.

## sections

The actual data to render, akin to the `data` prop in [`<FlatList>`](/react-native/docs/flatlist.html).

General shape:

    sections: $ReadOnlyArray<{
      data: $ReadOnlyArray<SectionItem>,
      renderItem?: ({item: SectionItem, ...}) => ?React.Element<*>,
      ItemSeparatorComponent?: ?ReactClass<{highlighted: boolean, ...}>,
    }>

## renderItem

Default renderer for every item in every section. Can be over-ridden on a per-section basis.

## ItemSeparatorComponent

Rendered in between each item, but not at the top or bottom. By default, `highlighted`,
`section`, and `[leading/trailing][Item/Separator]` props are provided. `renderItem` provides
`separators.highlight`/`unhighlight` which will update the `highlighted` prop, but you can also
add custom props with `separators.updateProps`.

## ListHeaderComponent

Rendered at the very beginning of the list. Can be a React Component Class, a render function, or
a rendered element.

## ListEmptyComponent

Rendered when the list is empty. Can be a React Component Class, a render function, or
a rendered element.

## ListFooterComponent

Rendered at the very end of the list. Can be a React Component Class, a render function, or
a rendered element.

## SectionSeparatorComponent

Rendered at the top and bottom of each section (note this is different from
`ItemSeparatorComponent` which is only rendered between items). These are intended to separate
sections from the headers above and below and typically have the same highlight response as
`ItemSeparatorComponent`. Also receives `highlighted`, `[leading/trailing][Item/Separator]`,
and any custom props from `separators.updateProps`.

## extraData

A marker property for telling the list to re-render (since it implements `PureComponent`). If
any of your `renderItem`, Header, Footer, etc. functions depend on anything outside of the
`data` prop, stick it here and treat it immutably.

## initialNumToRender

How many items to render in the initial batch. This should be enough to fill the screen but not
much more. Note these items will never be unmounted as part of the windowed rendering in order
to improve perceived performance of scroll-to-top actions.

## keyExtractor

Used to extract a unique key for a given item at the specified index. Key is used for caching
and as the react key to track item re-ordering. The default extractor checks item.key, then
falls back to using the index, like react does.

## onEndReached

Called once when the scroll position gets within `onEndReachedThreshold` of the rendered
content.

## onEndReachedThreshold

How far from the end (in units of visible length of the list) the bottom edge of the
list must be from the end of the content to trigger the `onEndReached` callback.
Thus a value of 0.5 will trigger `onEndReached` when the end of the content is
within half the visible length of the list.

## onRefresh

If provided, a standard RefreshControl will be added for "Pull to Refresh" functionality. Make
sure to also set the `refreshing` prop correctly.

## onViewableItemsChanged

Called when the viewability of rows changes, as defined by the
`viewabilityConfig` prop.

## refreshing

Set this true while waiting for new data from a refresh.

## removeClippedSubviews

Note: may have bugs (missing content) in some circumstances - use at your own risk.

This may improve scroll performance for large lists.

## renderSectionHeader

Rendered at the top of each section. These stick to the top of the `ScrollView` by default on
iOS. See `stickySectionHeadersEnabled`.

## renderSectionFooter

Rendered at the bottom of each section.

## stickySectionHeadersEnabled

Makes section headers stick to the top of the screen until the next one pushes it off. Only
enabled by default on iOS because that is the platform standard there.

## SectionList

**Extends React.PureComponent**

A performant interface for rendering sectioned lists, supporting the most handy features:

-   Fully cross-platform.
-   Configurable viewability callbacks.
-   List header support.
-   List footer support.
-   Item separator support.
-   Section header support.
-   Section separator support.
-   Heterogeneous data and item rendering support.
-   Pull to Refresh.
-   Scroll loading.

If you don't need section support and want a simpler interface, use
[`<FlatList>`](/react-native/docs/flatlist.html).

Simple Examples:

    <SectionList
      renderItem={({item}) => <ListItem title={item.title} />}
      renderSectionHeader={({section}) => <H1 title={section.title} />}
      sections={[ // homogenous rendering between sections
        {data: [...], title: ...},
        {data: [...], title: ...},
        {data: [...], title: ...},
      ]}
    />

    <SectionList
      sections={[ // heterogeneous rendering between sections
        {data: [...], title: ..., renderItem: ...},
        {data: [...], title: ..., renderItem: ...},
        {data: [...], title: ..., renderItem: ...},
      ]}
    />

This is a convenience wrapper around [`<VirtualizedList>`](docs/virtualizedlist.html),
and thus inherits it's props (as well as those of `ScrollView`) that aren't explicitly listed
here, along with the following caveats:

-   Internal state is not preserved when content scrolls out of the render window. Make sure all
    your data is captured in the item data or external stores like Flux, Redux, or Relay.
-   This is a `PureComponent` which means that it will not re-render if `props` remain shallow-
    equal. Make sure that everything your `renderItem` function depends on is passed as a prop
    (e.g. `extraData`) that is not `===` after updates, otherwise your UI may not update on
    changes. This includes the `data` prop and parent component state.
-   In order to constrain memory and enable smooth scrolling, content is rendered asynchronously
    offscreen. This means it's possible to scroll faster than the fill rate ands momentarily see
    blank content. This is a tradeoff that can be adjusted to suit the needs of each application,
    and we are working on improving it behind the scenes.
-   By default, the list looks for a `key` prop on each item and uses that for the React key.
    Alternatively, you can provide a custom `keyExtractor` prop.

### scrollToLocation

Scrolls to the item at the specified `sectionIndex` and `itemIndex` (within the section)
positioned in the viewable area such that `viewPosition` 0 places it at the top (and may be
covered by a sticky header), 1 at the bottom, and 0.5 centered in the middle. `viewOffset` is a
fixed number of pixels to offset the final target position, e.g. to compensate for sticky
headers.

Note: cannot scroll to locations outside the render window without specifying the
`getItemLayout` prop.

**Parameters**

-   `params` **{animated: [boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)??, itemIndex: [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number), sectionIndex: [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number), viewOffset: [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)?, viewPosition: [number](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number)?}** 

### recordInteraction

Tells the list an interaction has occured, which should trigger viewability calculations, e.g.
if `waitForInteractions` is true and the user has not scrolled. This is typically called by
taps on items or by navigation actions.

### getScrollResponder

Provides a handle to the underlying scroll responder.
