---
title: Slider
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## Slider

A component used to select a single value from a range of values.

## style

Used to style and layout the `Slider`.  See `StyleSheet.js` and
`ViewStylePropTypes.js` for more info.

## value

Initial value of the slider. The value should be between minimumValue
and maximumValue, which default to 0 and 1 respectively.
Default value is 0.

_This is not a controlled component_, you don't need to update the
value during dragging.

## step

Step value of the slider. The value should be
between 0 and (maximumValue - minimumValue).
Default value is 0.

## minimumValue

Initial minimum value of the slider. Default value is 0.

## maximumValue

Initial maximum value of the slider. Default value is 1.

## minimumTrackTintColor

The color used for the track to the left of the button.
Overrides the default blue gradient image on iOS.

## maximumTrackTintColor

The color used for the track to the right of the button.
Overrides the default blue gradient image on iOS.

## disabled

If true the user won't be able to move the slider.
Default value is false.

## trackImage

Assigns a single image for the track. Only static images are supported.
The center pixel of the image will be stretched to fill the track.

## minimumTrackImage

Assigns a minimum track image. Only static images are supported. The
rightmost pixel of the image will be stretched to fill the track.

## maximumTrackImage

Assigns a maximum track image. Only static images are supported. The
leftmost pixel of the image will be stretched to fill the track.

## thumbImage

Sets an image for the thumb. Only static images are supported.

## thumbTintColor

Color of the foreground switch grip.

## onValueChange

Callback continuously called while the user is dragging the slider.

## onSlidingComplete

Callback that is called when the user releases the slider,
regardless if the value has changed. The current value is passed
as an argument to the callback handler.

## testID

Used to locate this view in UI automation tests.
