---
title: Text
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## Text

A React component for displaying text.

`Text` supports nesting, styling, and touch handling.

In the following example, the nested title and body text will inherit the `fontFamily` from
`styles.baseText`, but the title provides its own additional styles.  The title and body will
stack on top of each other on account of the literal newlines:

```ReactNativeWebPlayer
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { AppRegistry, Text, StyleSheet } from 'react-native';

class TextInANest extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      titleText: "Bird's Nest",
      bodyText: 'This is not really a bird nest.'
    };
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <Text style={styles.baseText}>
        <Text style={styles.titleText} onPress={this.onPressTitle}>
          {this.state.titleText}{'\n'}{'\n'}
        </Text>
        <Text numberOfLines={5}>
          {this.state.bodyText}
        </Text>
      </Text>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  baseText: {
    fontFamily: 'Cochin',
  },
  titleText: {
    fontSize: 20,
    fontWeight: 'bold',
  },
});

// App registration and rendering
AppRegistry.registerComponent('TextInANest', () => TextInANest);
```

## ellipsizeMode

When `numberOfLines` is set, this prop defines how text will be truncated.
`numberOfLines` must be set in conjunction with this prop.

This can be one of the following values:

-   `head` - The line is displayed so that the end fits in the container and the missing text
    at the beginning of the line is indicated by an ellipsis glyph. e.g., "...wxyz"
-   `middle` - The line is displayed so that the beginning and end fit in the container and the
    missing text in the middle is indicated by an ellipsis glyph. "ab...yz"
-   `tail` - The line is displayed so that the beginning fits in the container and the
    missing text at the end of the line is indicated by an ellipsis glyph. e.g., "abcd..."
-   `clip` - Lines are not drawn past the edge of the text container.

The default is `tail`.

> `clip` is working only for iOS

## numberOfLines

Used to truncate the text with an ellipsis after computing the text
layout, including line wrapping, such that the total number of lines
does not exceed this number.

This prop is commonly used with `ellipsizeMode`.

## textBreakStrategy

Set text break strategy on Android API Level 23+, possible values are `simple`, `highQuality`, `balanced`
The default value is `highQuality`.

## onLayout

Invoked on mount and layout changes with

  `{nativeEvent: {layout: {x, y, width, height}}}`

## onPress

This function is called on press.

e.g., `onPress={() => console.log('1st')}`

## onLongPress

This function is called on long press.

e.g., `onLongPress={this.increaseSize}>`

## pressRetentionOffset

When the scroll view is disabled, this defines how far your touch may
move off of the button, before deactivating the button. Once deactivated,
try moving it back and you'll see that the button is once again
reactivated! Move it back and forth several times while the scroll view
is disabled. Ensure you pass in a constant to reduce memory allocations.

## selectable

Lets the user select text, to use the native copy and paste functionality.

## selectionColor

The highlight color of the text.

## suppressHighlighting

When `true`, no visual change is made when text is pressed down. By
default, a gray oval highlights the text on press down.

## testID

Used to locate this view in end-to-end tests.

## nativeID

Used to locate this view from native code.

## allowFontScaling

Specifies whether fonts should scale to respect Text Size accessibility settings. The
default is `true`.

## accessible

When set to `true`, indicates that the view is an accessibility element. The default value
for a `Text` element is `true`.

See the
[Accessibility guide](docs/accessibility.html#accessible-ios-android)
for more information.

## adjustsFontSizeToFit

Specifies whether font should be scaled down automatically to fit given style constraints.

## minimumFontScale

Specifies smallest possible scale a font can reach when adjustsFontSizeToFit is enabled. (values 0.01-1.0).

## disabled

Specifies the disabled state of the text view for testing purposes

## \_handlers

Only assigned if touch is needed.

## touchableHandleActivePressIn

These are assigned lazily the first time the responder is set to make plain
text nodes as cheap as possible.
