---
title: TextInput
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## TextInput

A foundational component for inputting text into the app via a
keyboard. Props provide configurability for several features, such as
auto-correction, auto-capitalization, placeholder text, and different keyboard
types, such as a numeric keypad.

The simplest use case is to plop down a `TextInput` and subscribe to the
`onChangeText` events to read the user input. There are also other events,
such as `onSubmitEditing` and `onFocus` that can be subscribed to. A simple
example:

```ReactNativeWebPlayer
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { AppRegistry, TextInput } from 'react-native';

class UselessTextInput extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = { text: 'Useless Placeholder' };
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <TextInput
        style={{height: 40, borderColor: 'gray', borderWidth: 1}}
        onChangeText={(text) => this.setState({text})}
        value={this.state.text}
      />
    );
  }
}

// App registration and rendering
AppRegistry.registerComponent('AwesomeProject', () => UselessTextInput);
```

Note that some props are only available with `multiline={true/false}`.
Additionally, border styles that apply to only one side of the element
(e.g., `borderBottomColor`, `borderLeftWidth`, etc.) will not be applied if
`multiline=false`. To achieve the same effect, you can wrap your `TextInput`
in a `View`:

```ReactNativeWebPlayer
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { AppRegistry, View, TextInput } from 'react-native';

class UselessTextInput extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <TextInput
        {...this.props} // Inherit any props passed to it; e.g., multiline, numberOfLines below
        editable = {true}
        maxLength = {40}
      />
    );
  }
}

class UselessTextInputMultiline extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      text: 'Useless Multiline Placeholder',
    };
  }

  // If you type something in the text box that is a color, the background will change to that
  // color.
  render() {
    return (
     <View style={{
       backgroundColor: this.state.text,
       borderBottomColor: '#000000',
       borderBottomWidth: 1 }}
     >
       <UselessTextInput
         multiline = {true}
         numberOfLines = {4}
         onChangeText={(text) => this.setState({text})}
         value={this.state.text}
       />
     </View>
    );
  }
}

// App registration and rendering
AppRegistry.registerComponent(
 'AwesomeProject',
 () => UselessTextInputMultiline
);
```

`TextInput` has by default a border at the bottom of its view. This border
has its padding set by the background image provided by the system, and it
cannot be changed. Solutions to avoid this is to either not set height
explicitly, case in which the system will take care of displaying the border
in the correct position, or to not display the border by setting
`underlineColorAndroid` to transparent.

Note that on Android performing text selection in input can change
app's activity `windowSoftInputMode` param to `adjustResize`.
This may cause issues with components that have position: 'absolute'
while keyboard is active. To avoid this behavior either specify `windowSoftInputMode`
in AndroidManifest.xml ( <https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/activity-element.html> )
or control this param programmatically with native code.

## autoCapitalize

Can tell `TextInput` to automatically capitalize certain characters.

-   `characters`: all characters.
-   `words`: first letter of each word.
-   `sentences`: first letter of each sentence (_default_).
-   `none`: don't auto capitalize anything.

## autoCorrect

If `false`, disables auto-correct. The default value is `true`.

## spellCheck

If `false`, disables spell-check style (i.e. red underlines).
The default value is inherited from `autoCorrect`.

## autoFocus

If `true`, focuses the input on `componentDidMount`.
The default value is `false`.

## editable

If `false`, text is not editable. The default value is `true`.

## keyboardType

Determines which keyboard to open, e.g.`numeric`.

The following values work across platforms:

-   `default`
-   `numeric`
-   `email-address`
-   `phone-pad`

## keyboardAppearance

Determines the color of the keyboard.

## returnKeyType

Determines how the return key should look. On Android you can also use
`returnKeyLabel`.

_Cross platform_

The following values work across platforms:

-   `done`
-   `go`
-   `next`
-   `search`
-   `send`

_Android Only_

The following values work on Android only:

-   `none`
-   `previous`

_iOS Only_

The following values work on iOS only:

-   `default`
-   `emergency-call`
-   `google`
-   `join`
-   `route`
-   `yahoo`

## returnKeyLabel

Sets the return key to the label. Use it instead of `returnKeyType`.

## maxLength

Limits the maximum number of characters that can be entered. Use this
instead of implementing the logic in JS to avoid flicker.

## numberOfLines

Sets the number of lines for a `TextInput`. Use it with multiline set to
`true` to be able to fill the lines.

## disableFullscreenUI

When `false`, if there is a small amount of space available around a text input
(e.g. landscape orientation on a phone), the OS may choose to have the user edit
the text inside of a full screen text input mode. When `true`, this feature is
disabled and users will always edit the text directly inside of the text input.
Defaults to `false`.

## enablesReturnKeyAutomatically

If `true`, the keyboard disables the return key when there is no text and
automatically enables it when there is text. The default value is `false`.

## multiline

If `true`, the text input can be multiple lines.
The default value is `false`.

## textBreakStrategy

Set text break strategy on Android API Level 23+, possible values are `simple`, `highQuality`, `balanced`
The default value is `simple`.

## onBlur

Callback that is called when the text input is blurred.

## onFocus

Callback that is called when the text input is focused.

## onChange

Callback that is called when the text input's text changes.

## onChangeText

Callback that is called when the text input's text changes.
Changed text is passed as an argument to the callback handler.

## onContentSizeChange

Callback that is called when the text input's content size changes.
This will be called with
`{ nativeEvent: { contentSize: { width, height } } }`.

Only called for multiline text inputs.

## onEndEditing

Callback that is called when text input ends.

## onSelectionChange

Callback that is called when the text input selection is changed.
This will be called with
`{ nativeEvent: { selection: { start, end } } }`.

## onSubmitEditing

Callback that is called when the text input's submit button is pressed.
Invalid if `multiline={true}` is specified.

## onKeyPress

Callback that is called when a key is pressed.
This will be called with `{ nativeEvent: { key: keyValue } }`
where `keyValue` is `'Enter'` or `'Backspace'` for respective keys and
the typed-in character otherwise including `' '` for space.
Fires before `onChange` callbacks.

## onLayout

Invoked on mount and layout changes with `{x, y, width, height}`.

## onScroll

Invoked on content scroll with `{ nativeEvent: { contentOffset: { x, y } } }`.
May also contain other properties from ScrollEvent but on Android contentSize
is not provided for performance reasons.

## placeholder

The string that will be rendered before text input has been entered.

## placeholderTextColor

The text color of the placeholder string.

## secureTextEntry

If `true`, the text input obscures the text entered so that sensitive text
like passwords stay secure. The default value is `false`.

## selectionColor

The highlight and cursor color of the text input.

## selectionState

An instance of `DocumentSelectionState`, this is some state that is responsible for
maintaining selection information for a document.

Some functionality that can be performed with this instance is:

-   `blur()`
-   `focus()`
-   `update()`

> You can reference `DocumentSelectionState` in
> [`vendor/document/selection/DocumentSelectionState.js`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/master/Libraries/vendor/document/selection/DocumentSelectionState.js)

## selection

The start and end of the text input's selection. Set start and end to
the same value to position the cursor.

## value

The value to show for the text input. `TextInput` is a controlled
component, which means the native value will be forced to match this
value prop if provided. For most uses, this works great, but in some
cases this may cause flickering - one common cause is preventing edits
by keeping value the same. In addition to simply setting the same value,
either set `editable={false}`, or set/update `maxLength` to prevent
unwanted edits without flicker.

## defaultValue

Provides an initial value that will change when the user starts typing.
Useful for simple use-cases where you do not want to deal with listening
to events and updating the value prop to keep the controlled state in sync.

## clearButtonMode

When the clear button should appear on the right side of the text view.

## clearTextOnFocus

If `true`, clears the text field automatically when editing begins.

## selectTextOnFocus

If `true`, all text will automatically be selected on focus.

## blurOnSubmit

If `true`, the text field will blur when submitted.
The default value is true for single-line fields and false for
multiline fields. Note that for multiline fields, setting `blurOnSubmit`
to `true` means that pressing return will blur the field and trigger the
`onSubmitEditing` event instead of inserting a newline into the field.

## style

Note that not all Text styles are supported,
see [Issue#7070](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/7070)
for more detail.

[Styles](docs/style.html)

## underlineColorAndroid

The color of the `TextInput` underline.

## inlineImageLeft

If defined, the provided image resource will be rendered on the left.

## inlineImagePadding

Padding between the inline image, if any, and the text input itself.

## dataDetectorTypes

Determines the types of data converted to clickable URLs in the text input.
Only valid if `multiline={true}` and `editable={false}`.
By default no data types are detected.

You can provide one type or an array of many types.

Possible values for `dataDetectorTypes` are:

-   `'phoneNumber'`
-   `'link'`
-   `'address'`
-   `'calendarEvent'`
-   `'none'`
-   `'all'`

## caretHidden

If `true`, caret is hidden. The default value is `false`.

## mixins

`NativeMethodsMixin` will look for this when invoking `setNativeProps`. We
make `this` look like an actual native component class.

## isFocused

Returns `true` if the input is currently focused; `false` otherwise.

Returns **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** 

## clear

Removes all text from the `TextInput`.
