---
title: ToolbarAndroid
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## ToolbarAndroid

React component that wraps the Android-only [`Toolbar` widget][0]. A Toolbar can display a logo,
navigation icon (e.g. hamburger menu), a title & subtitle and a list of actions. The title and
subtitle are expanded so the logo and navigation icons are displayed on the left, title and
subtitle in the middle and the actions on the right.

If the toolbar has an only child, it will be displayed between the title and actions.

Although the Toolbar supports remote images for the logo, navigation and action icons, this
should only be used in DEV mode where `require('./some_icon.png')` translates into a packager
URL. In release mode you should always use a drawable resource for these icons. Using
`require('./some_icon.png')` will do this automatically for you, so as long as you don't
explicitly use e.g. `{uri: 'http://...'}`, you will be good.

Example:

    render: function() {
      return (
        <ToolbarAndroid
          logo={require('./app_logo.png')}
          title="AwesomeApp"
          actions={[{title: 'Settings', icon: require('./icon_settings.png'), show: 'always'}]}
          onActionSelected={this.onActionSelected} />
      )
    },
    onActionSelected: function(position) {
      if (position === 0) { // index of 'Settings'
        showSettings();
      }
    }

[0]: https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/v7/widget/Toolbar.html

## actions

Sets possible actions on the toolbar as part of the action menu. These are displayed as icons
or text on the right side of the widget. If they don't fit they are placed in an 'overflow'
menu.

This property takes an array of objects, where each object has the following keys:

-   `title`: **required**, the title of this action
-   `icon`: the icon for this action, e.g. `require('./some_icon.png')`
-   `show`: when to show this action as an icon or hide it in the overflow menu: `always`,
    `ifRoom` or `never`
-   `showWithText`: boolean, whether to show text alongside the icon or not

## logo

Sets the toolbar logo.

## navIcon

Sets the navigation icon.

## onActionSelected

Callback that is called when an action is selected. The only argument that is passed to the
callback is the position of the action in the actions array.

## onIconClicked

Callback called when the icon is selected.

## overflowIcon

Sets the overflow icon.

## subtitle

Sets the toolbar subtitle.

## subtitleColor

Sets the toolbar subtitle color.

## title

Sets the toolbar title.

## titleColor

Sets the toolbar title color.

## contentInsetStart

Sets the content inset for the toolbar starting edge.

The content inset affects the valid area for Toolbar content other than
the navigation button and menu. Insets define the minimum margin for
these components and can be used to effectively align Toolbar content
along well-known gridlines.

## contentInsetEnd

Sets the content inset for the toolbar ending edge.

The content inset affects the valid area for Toolbar content other than
the navigation button and menu. Insets define the minimum margin for
these components and can be used to effectively align Toolbar content
along well-known gridlines.

## rtl

Used to set the toolbar direction to RTL.
In addition to this property you need to add

  android:supportsRtl="true"

to your application AndroidManifest.xml and then call
`setLayoutDirection(LayoutDirection.RTL)` in your MainActivity
`onCreate` method.

## testID

Used to locate this view in end-to-end tests.
