---
title: TouchableNativeFeedback
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## TouchableNativeFeedback

A wrapper for making views respond properly to touches (Android only).
On Android this component uses native state drawable to display touch
feedback.

At the moment it only supports having a single View instance as a child
node, as it's implemented by replacing that View with another instance of
RCTView node with some additional properties set.

Background drawable of native feedback touchable can be customized with
`background` property.

Example:

    renderButton: function() {
      return (
        <TouchableNativeFeedback
            onPress={this._onPressButton}
            background={TouchableNativeFeedback.SelectableBackground()}>
          <View style={{width: 150, height: 100, backgroundColor: 'red'}}>
            <Text style={{margin: 30}}>Button</Text>
          </View>
        </TouchableNativeFeedback>
      );
    },

## background

Determines the type of background drawable that's going to be used to
display feedback. It takes an object with `type` property and extra data
depending on the `type`. It's recommended to use one of the static
methods to generate that dictionary.

## useForeground

Set to true to add the ripple effect to the foreground of the view, instead of the
background. This is useful if one of your child views has a background of its own, or you're
e.g. displaying images, and you don't want the ripple to be covered by them.

Check TouchableNativeFeedback.canUseNativeForeground() first, as this is only available on
Android 6.0 and above. If you try to use this on older versions you will get a warning and
fallback to background.

## SelectableBackground

Creates an object that represents android theme's default background for
selectable elements (?android:attr/selectableItemBackground).

## SelectableBackgroundBorderless

Creates an object that represent android theme's default background for borderless
selectable elements (?android:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless).
Available on android API level 21+.

## Ripple

Creates an object that represents ripple drawable with specified color (as a
string). If property `borderless` evaluates to true the ripple will
render outside of the view bounds (see native actionbar buttons as an
example of that behavior). This background type is available on Android
API level 21+.

**Parameters**

-   `color` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** The ripple color
-   `borderless` **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** If the ripple can render outside it's bounds

## touchableHandleActivePressIn

`Touchable.Mixin` self callbacks. The mixin will invoke these if they are
defined on your component.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **[Event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event)** 
