---
title: TouchableWithoutFeedback
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## TouchableWithoutFeedback

Do not use unless you have a very good reason. All elements that
respond to press should have a visual feedback when touched.

TouchableWithoutFeedback supports only one child.
If you wish to have several child components, wrap them in a View.

## disabled

If true, disable all interactions for this component.

## onPress

Called when the touch is released, but not if cancelled (e.g. by a scroll
that steals the responder lock).

## onLayout

Invoked on mount and layout changes with

  `{nativeEvent: {layout: {x, y, width, height}}}`

## delayPressIn

Delay in ms, from the start of the touch, before onPressIn is called.

## delayPressOut

Delay in ms, from the release of the touch, before onPressOut is called.

## delayLongPress

Delay in ms, from onPressIn, before onLongPress is called.

## pressRetentionOffset

When the scroll view is disabled, this defines how far your touch may
move off of the button, before deactivating the button. Once deactivated,
try moving it back and you'll see that the button is once again
reactivated! Move it back and forth several times while the scroll view
is disabled. Ensure you pass in a constant to reduce memory allocations.

## hitSlop

This defines how far your touch can start away from the button. This is
added to `pressRetentionOffset` when moving off of the button.
** NOTE **
The touch area never extends past the parent view bounds and the Z-index
of sibling views always takes precedence if a touch hits two overlapping
views.

## touchableHandlePress

`Touchable.Mixin` self callbacks. The mixin will invoke these if they are
defined on your component.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **[Event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event)** 
