---
title: View
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## View

The most fundamental component for building a UI, `View` is a container that supports layout with
[flexbox](docs/flexbox.html), [style](docs/style.html),
[some touch handling](docs/handling-touches.html), and
[accessibility](docs/accessibility.html) controls. `View` maps directly to the
native view equivalent on whatever platform React Native is running on, whether that is a
`UIView`, `<div>`, `android.view`, etc.

`View` is designed to be nested inside other views and can have 0 to many children of any type.

This example creates a `View` that wraps two colored boxes and a text component in a row with
padding.

```javascript
class ViewColoredBoxesWithText extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <View style={{flexDirection: 'row', height: 100, padding: 20}}>
        <View style={{backgroundColor: 'blue', flex: 0.3}} />
        <View style={{backgroundColor: 'red', flex: 0.5}} />
        <Text>Hello World!</Text>
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

> `View`s are designed to be used with [`StyleSheet`](docs/style.html) for clarity
> and performance, although inline styles are also supported.

### Synthetic Touch Events

For `View` responder props (e.g., `onResponderMove`), the synthetic touch event passed to them
are of the following form:

-   `nativeEvent`
    -   `changedTouches` - Array of all touch events that have changed since the last event.
    -   `identifier` - The ID of the touch.
    -   `locationX` - The X position of the touch, relative to the element.
    -   `locationY` - The Y position of the touch, relative to the element.
    -   `pageX` - The X position of the touch, relative to the root element.
    -   `pageY` - The Y position of the touch, relative to the root element.
    -   `target` - The node id of the element receiving the touch event.
    -   `timestamp` - A time identifier for the touch, useful for velocity calculation.
    -   `touches` - Array of all current touches on the screen.

## viewConfig

`NativeMethodsMixin` will look for this when invoking `setNativeProps`. We
make `this` look like an actual native component class.
