---
title: VirtualizedList
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## data

The default accessor functions assume this is an Array&lt;{key: string}> but you can override
getItem, getItemCount, and keyExtractor to handle any type of index-based data.

## getItem

A generic accessor for extracting an item from any sort of data blob.

## getItemCount

Determines how many items are in the data blob.

## debug

`debug` will turn on extra logging and visual overlays to aid with debugging both usage and
implementation, but with a significant perf hit.

## disableVirtualization

DEPRECATED: Virtualization provides significant performance and memory optimizations, but fully
unmounts react instances that are outside of the render window. You should only need to disable
this for debugging purposes.

## extraData

A marker property for telling the list to re-render (since it implements `PureComponent`). If
any of your `renderItem`, Header, Footer, etc. functions depend on anything outside of the
`data` prop, stick it here and treat it immutably.

## initialNumToRender

How many items to render in the initial batch. This should be enough to fill the screen but not
much more. Note these items will never be unmounted as part of the windowed rendering in order
to improve perceived performance of scroll-to-top actions.

## initialScrollIndex

Instead of starting at the top with the first item, start at `initialScrollIndex`. This
disables the "scroll to top" optimization that keeps the first `initialNumToRender` items
always rendered and immediately renders the items starting at this initial index. Requires
`getItemLayout` to be implemented.

## ListEmptyComponent

Rendered when the list is empty. Can be a React Component Class, a render function, or
a rendered element.

## ListFooterComponent

Rendered at the bottom of all the items. Can be a React Component Class, a render function, or
a rendered element.

## ListHeaderComponent

Rendered at the top of all the items. Can be a React Component Class, a render function, or
a rendered element.

## maxToRenderPerBatch

The maximum number of items to render in each incremental render batch. The more rendered at
once, the better the fill rate, but responsiveness my suffer because rendering content may
interfere with responding to button taps or other interactions.

## onRefresh

If provided, a standard RefreshControl will be added for "Pull to Refresh" functionality. Make
sure to also set the `refreshing` prop correctly.

## onViewableItemsChanged

Called when the viewability of rows changes, as defined by the
`viewabilityConfig` prop.

## refreshing

Set this true while waiting for new data from a refresh.

## removeClippedSubviews

Note: may have bugs (missing content) in some circumstances - use at your own risk.

This may improve scroll performance for large lists.

## renderScrollComponent

Render a custom scroll component, e.g. with a differently styled `RefreshControl`.

## updateCellsBatchingPeriod

Amount of time between low-pri item render batches, e.g. for rendering items quite a ways off
screen. Similar fill rate/responsiveness tradeoff as `maxToRenderPerBatch`.

## windowSize

Determines the maximum number of items rendered outside of the visible area, in units of
visible lengths. So if your list fills the screen, then `windowSize={21}` (the default) will
render the visible screen area plus up to 10 screens above and 10 below the viewport. Reducing
this number will reduce memory consumption and may improve performance, but will increase the
chance that fast scrolling may reveal momentary blank areas of unrendered content.

## VirtualizedList

**Extends React.PureComponent**

Base implementation for the more convenient [`<FlatList>`](/react-native/docs/flatlist.html)
and [`<SectionList>`](/react-native/docs/sectionlist.html) components, which are also better
documented. In general, this should only really be used if you need more flexibility than
`FlatList` provides, e.g. for use with immutable data instead of plain arrays.

Virtualization massively improves memory consumption and performance of large lists by
maintaining a finite render window of active items and replacing all items outside of the render
window with appropriately sized blank space. The window adapts to scrolling behavior, and items
are rendered incrementally with low-pri (after any running interactions) if they are far from the
visible area, or with hi-pri otherwise to minimize the potential of seeing blank space.

Some caveats:

-   Internal state is not preserved when content scrolls out of the render window. Make sure all
    your data is captured in the item data or external stores like Flux, Redux, or Relay.
-   This is a `PureComponent` which means that it will not re-render if `props` remain shallow-
    equal. Make sure that everything your `renderItem` function depends on is passed as a prop
    (e.g. `extraData`) that is not `===` after updates, otherwise your UI may not update on
    changes. This includes the `data` prop and parent component state.
-   In order to constrain memory and enable smooth scrolling, content is rendered asynchronously
    offscreen. This means it's possible to scroll faster than the fill rate ands momentarily see
    blank content. This is a tradeoff that can be adjusted to suit the needs of each application,
    and we are working on improving it behind the scenes.
-   By default, the list looks for a `key` prop on each item and uses that for the React key.
    Alternatively, you can provide a custom `keyExtractor` prop.

**Parameters**

-   `props` **Props** 
-   `context` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** 

### getScrollResponder

Provides a handle to the underlying scroll responder.
Note that `this._scrollRef` might not be a `ScrollView`, so we
need to check that it responds to `getScrollResponder` before calling it.
