---
title: WebView
category: Facebook Component
---
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## WebView

**Extends React.Component**

`WebView` renders web content in a native view.

    import React, { Component } from 'react';
    import { WebView } from 'react-native';

    class MyWeb extends Component {
      render() {
        return (
          <WebView
            source={{uri: 'https://github.com/facebook/react-native'}}
            style={{marginTop: 20}}
          />
        );
      }
    }

You can use this component to navigate back and forth in the web view's
history and configure various properties for the web content.

### goForward

Go forward one page in the web view's history.

### goBack

Go back one page in the web view's history.

### reload

Reloads the current page.

### stopLoading

Stop loading the current page.

### postMessage

Posts a message to the web view, which will emit a `message` event.
Accepts one argument, `data`, which must be a string.

In your webview, you'll need to something like the following.

```js
document.addEventListener('message', e => { document.title = e.data; });
```

### injectJavaScript

Injects a javascript string into the referenced WebView. Deliberately does not
return a response because using eval() to return a response breaks this method
on pages with a Content Security Policy that disallows eval(). If you need that
functionality, look into postMessage/onMessage.

### \_updateNavigationState

We return an event with a bunch of fields including:
 url, title, loading, canGoBack, canGoForward

### getWebViewHandle

Returns the native `WebView` node.

## source

Loads static html or a uri (with optional headers) in the WebView.

## renderError

Function that returns a view to show if there's an error.

## renderLoading

Function that returns a loading indicator.

## onLoad

Function that is invoked when the `WebView` has finished loading.

## onLoadEnd

Function that is invoked when the `WebView` load succeeds or fails.

## onLoadStart

Function that is invoked when the `WebView` starts loading.

## onError

Function that is invoked when the `WebView` load fails.

## bounces

Boolean value that determines whether the web view bounces
when it reaches the edge of the content. The default value is `true`.

## decelerationRate

A floating-point number that determines how quickly the scroll view
decelerates after the user lifts their finger. You may also use the
string shortcuts `"normal"` and `"fast"` which match the underlying iOS
settings for `UIScrollViewDecelerationRateNormal` and
`UIScrollViewDecelerationRateFast` respectively:

-   normal: 0.998
-   fast: 0.99 (the default for iOS web view)

## scrollEnabled

Boolean value that determines whether scrolling is enabled in the
`WebView`. The default value is `true`.

## automaticallyAdjustContentInsets

Controls whether to adjust the content inset for web views that are
placed behind a navigation bar, tab bar, or toolbar. The default value
is `true`.

## contentInset

The amount by which the web view content is inset from the edges of
the scroll view. Defaults to {top: 0, left: 0, bottom: 0, right: 0}.

## onNavigationStateChange

Function that is invoked when the `WebView` loading starts or ends.

## onMessage

A function that is invoked when the webview calls `window.postMessage`.
Setting this property will inject a `postMessage` global into your
webview, but will still call pre-existing values of `postMessage`.

`window.postMessage` accepts one argument, `data`, which will be
available on the event object, `event.nativeEvent.data`. `data`
must be a string.

## startInLoadingState

Boolean value that forces the `WebView` to show the loading view
on the first load.

## style

The style to apply to the `WebView`.

## dataDetectorTypes

Determines the types of data converted to clickable URLs in the web view’s content.
By default only phone numbers are detected.

You can provide one type or an array of many types.

Possible values for `dataDetectorTypes` are:

-   `'phoneNumber'`
-   `'link'`
-   `'address'`
-   `'calendarEvent'`
-   `'none'`
-   `'all'`

## javaScriptEnabled

Boolean value to enable JavaScript in the `WebView`. Used on Android only
as JavaScript is enabled by default on iOS. The default value is `true`.

## domStorageEnabled

Boolean value to control whether DOM Storage is enabled. Used only in
Android.

## injectedJavaScript

Set this to provide JavaScript that will be injected into the web page
when the view loads.

## userAgent

Sets the user-agent for the `WebView`.

## scalesPageToFit

Boolean that controls whether the web content is scaled to fit
the view and enables the user to change the scale. The default value
is `true`.

## onShouldStartLoadWithRequest

Function that allows custom handling of any web view requests. Return
`true` from the function to continue loading the request and `false`
to stop loading.

## allowsInlineMediaPlayback

Boolean that determines whether HTML5 videos play inline or use the
native full-screen controller. The default value is `false`.

**NOTE** : In order for video to play inline, not only does this
property need to be set to `true`, but the video element in the HTML
document must also include the `webkit-playsinline` attribute.

## mediaPlaybackRequiresUserAction

Boolean that determines whether HTML5 audio and video requires the user
to tap them before they start playing. The default value is `true`.

## injectJavaScript

Function that accepts a string that will be passed to the WebView and
executed immediately as JavaScript.

## mixedContentMode

Specifies the mixed content mode. i.e WebView will allow a secure origin to load content from any other origin.

Possible values for `mixedContentMode` are:

-   `'never'` (default) - WebView will not allow a secure origin to load content from an insecure origin.
-   `'always'` - WebView will allow a secure origin to load content from any other origin, even if that origin is insecure.
-   `'compatibility'` -  WebView will attempt to be compatible with the approach of a modern web browser with regard to mixed content.
